in a shop of typical products are
managed to find fresh ones
Myrtle berries are freshly picked and
arrive directly from Sardinia e
I will use them to prepare a delicious
second course I want you to see how
cook a delicious roast alberto
we will also see how to verify the
perfect meat cooking time
we immediately begin in a pan towards three
or four tablespoons of olive oil
obviously all the ingredients there
find listed at the end of the video
let's heat our oil for
about thirty or forty seconds on flame
high
let's go add the meat to this
case of use a pork tenderloin
which weighs about 500 grams
you can choose the piece of meat that you
the more you like it
if you don't like pork you can too
choose the calf I let it brown
for about two minutes on one side then the other
around and let it brown also
on the other side always for a couple of
minutes
I recommend that we do not throw away the tinsel
because otherwise the roast would turn out
too hard
we pour 125 ml of red wine we leave
brown for five minutes after which
let's put aside the meat let's take care
of the cooking bottom
I got a ceramic dish and now
the fund of
cooking
Meanwhile heat the oven to 180 degrees
put in our pan
fillet to which we will add 125
g of myrtle berries and about 150 ml
book where he talks like I have already salted the
then we put broth in the oven
we check the cooking time by doing
this test
Twenty minutes have passed, and now I slip
my fillet with a tip or with a
knife
see what a liquid red show this
it is not blood but the color determined by
a protein that myosin the fillet
it's not down yet after 25 minutes I do
the proof and as you can see is stupid
liquidino transparent this means
that my fillet is ready after 45 minutes
of cooking
you can use this method or
use a thermometer we review in the
left side the thread is not
still cooked in fact you can see the
liquidino red while in the
right side the meat is cooked and leaves
a very very clear liquid
let's put the meat aside and filter
our sauce that then the bottom of
cooking
let's go to thicken the sauce
adding to a ladle of broth
cold a teaspoon of potato starch
or cornstarch what you prefer
we combine the two compounds and let them cook
for about 5 minutes so as to
get a nice thick sauce and me
I recommend we taste to regulate of
salt
we cut our meat as you can
seeing is perfectly cooked let's put it
on a nice dish of course
and decorate with our beautiful sauce e
I recommend a few myrtle berries
really try this dish because
myrtle berries really give a
particular perfume here all the
ingredients
I hope you enjoyed the recipe there
see you next time